[refactor] Rewrite intro doc, move use-case doc (#73)
libremfg/libremfg.github.io: content/use-cases/overview.md

Reviewer: These are good 'categories' with good examples.  When I exxplain to customers what the use cases are, I will try and align with this terminology, we could use a slide deck to encode this messaging.

One thing I can't see is the use case of 'contextualisation' - it is implied but its a really important one for our customers.

Author: I never thought of "contextualization" as being a use case on its own, rather a means to a use case. But I need the concept more; early searches found a lot of jargon-heavy articles I didn't want to cut through. 

We definitely should add a contextualization topic, though. I've added a todo item in #44, the issue to track this.

- **Headless MES or MOM**. Use the API to build custom applications for a variety of MES and MOM activities.

Of course, each of these use cases has many uses cases.
These use cases of Rhize are already implemented in discrete, continuous, and batch manufacturing operations.

## Manufacturing knowledge graph

All data that Rhize collects, whether from sensors or an ERP, is contextual and interconnected. Rather than a relational database, Rhize uses a graph database, where any node can link to any other, and users can query any data combination, without requiring complex joins.

The graph database unlocks new possibilities for manufacturing analysis and data science.
For example:
- Run queries to find anomalies in an operation---which may trace to a specific site, segment, equipment, material lot, personnel, and so on.
- Discover places to optimize the system, whether they are bottlenecks to remove or highly productive areas to replicate
- Train deep-learning models to detect conditions that lead to batch failures.
- Use the historical record as a model to run simulations of new events

Guide: [Use the knowledge graph]({{< relref "../how-to/gql" >}})

## Headless MES or MOM

> Rhize serves as a backend to create custom applications to replace traditional MES or MOM systems.

Author: ```suggestion
Rhize serves as a backend to create custom applications to replace traditional MES or MOM systems.
Rather than force its opinion of what an MES interface should look like, Rhize provides the only data model, API, and BPMN engine.
Your frontend teams can then use the tools of their choice to make the MES designed for your use case, with all the backend work delegated to Rhize's normal operation features.

```

> With the combination of its event-driven architecture and unified data model, Rhize can calculate OEE, schedule, track, and execute dynamic workflows.

Author: ```suggestion

With the combination of its event-driven architecture and unified data model, Rhize can:
- calculate OEE, or far more granular metrics
- Handle schedules and maintenance orders
- Track and trace material
- Execute dynamic workflows.
```

Besides building bespoke frontends, many operators choose to integrate Rhize with low-code systems like Appsmith.
For some problems, lowcode models can reduce the time to create applications dramatically, making it easier to create and test prototypes, involve more stakeholders in the application design process, iterate on working models, and generally do useful things more quickly.

> 

Reviewer: Might not be the right place, but within the context of a headless MES, the Rhize platform offers:
- A solid backend with prebuilt API
- A BPMN engine to create and manage complex business logic which can be invoked via events or API calls
- A single GraphQL endpoint which is easy to integrate with low-code apps.
The result is that the data model and the business logic can be delegated to Rhize, so that the low code engineering team can focus on frontend work and avoid the need to mix frontend work with:
- Data modelling
- Complex business logic embedded in the user interface via scripting languages
